Hello everyone in this video I will tell you
this is this wireless mouse brand
deluxe lady waks here model m618
that's why we need a vertical mouse than
they are different from the usual ones I have already told
and in the previous review another nouneym it
such a vertical mouse and also in
unpacking to this one that's why on this one
I stop and I'm not going to detail and
if someone has not seen the previous pro
another vertical mouse I will leave
The link in the description for this video may
look well and now tell about here
this same mouse mouse as you can see
wired here in this model by the way
which to them that for 17000 about
in different letters here are a few
subspecies of this model is including
wireless still have some bread
I do not know exactly how they differ
but different models also exist
have seen such a silicone pad
case for such a mouse there are various
some kind of jumping on a massage
massage do not know but I imagine this is not
ordered so I can not say
interesting this thing or not in general itself
mice
done pretty high quality right away
it is clear that the thing is not deshmanskaya
quite a branded build quality
I have no complaints
Made from Astana Part of matte
high quality plastic here
bottom slightly glossy such a bezel
the rest of the matt
so well below here we have an optical sensor
standard left right button
wheel mode shift button modes
here 3
if I'm not mistaken thousands now what 1600
k600 on the site of the store in my opinion
the description was
what is the maximum here now is two
over thousands but it turned out to be wrong i
inclined to believe what is written on
box in general is not so important on
dakini dance gaming mouse
so some kind of too big
now I think there is no need
about the quality said there is a set
such a covert type we either so here
you can keep without her yes well then you're the one
part of the hand rests on the table
either if u hook somehow completely
the whole brush falls on the surface of this
she used the mouse for ten days too
and could no longer why because I
she seemed not very comfortable and I
there was another vertical mouse and here
there on my often subjective opinion
there ergonomics were better who i used to
literally a day can be 2 and already
used it quite successfully until then
until the wheel is broken there
well I got used to a knin only two three days and
anyway so until the end and not used to us
does not seem to be very convenient way
what about the wheel here everything is collected
not great wheel here, too, some
is dangling
a little noise here if you shake like that
let's say this and the expense of the wheel is not
I know why it is here, too , somehow
does n’t look very reliable but hopefully
nothing will happen to him
so about ergonomics why she
I'm not comfortable to do here goes
wire yes here it is
directions shows upwards that is
if i want to hold the mouse cursor up
on the connected is not necessary
direction here do the wire goes
so here it is to bring here
and now let's see how it is
Yes, I take my hand so that it is not convenient to
fingers get straight on the buttons
Here I get it so here
this brush lies that is, it turns out that
up somewhere up left goes away and so
way if i want well here i have
hand is comfortable lying up to hold
to the left how logical it would be a mouse cursor
will go neither left
left up left down and certainly not
I remember but the fact that it will be a little
diagonally those because of this somehow
quite difficult to get where you want
because the accuracy was lost to
up well as if from above it is not necessary
have to take this brush
and in that position if he k be
lying is not very comfortable to use
tired wrists here starts to hurt
this is not good in theory vertical
the mouse should prevention more wrist
serve they on the contrary cause them therefore
not very good yet as an option you can
another grip let's say a little
Further here so take a hand then
true fingers get farther than
Buttons enter but then all
where it is necessary upwards from above turns out and here
as if everything is right, they lie like this
that you have to arch your arm like this
also not clear where the finger is
not clear where the buttons
these two are not very convenient yet
buttons are located forward back they
very easy to press and cat if i
I use let's say yes to me constantly
I'll take the cat comfortably a little bit not there by
diagonally trying to apply grip and
inadvertently happens you press well, not really
well, this is also my opinion
I do not know who it may be there
well this is my purely subjective opinion
I read reviews of other people who
bought similar devices to many
like many used to me but here
for some reason, somehow it's not liked
in terms of convenience used
so if you want yourself you can
Of course buy in terms of quality
no complaints but comfort
which is known subjectively personally
it seemed to me not enough
use it as the main mouse on
this is probably all thanks to all
attention subscribe to my channel
like the review if you like it but also
to new meetings